-Hello there! -So Uncivilized. -Good Job. -Oh I don't think so. -Sith Lords are our specialty! -It's over I have the high ground. -That's why i'm here. -You want to go home and rethink your life. -Your move! -Do you have a plan B? -One things for sure the negotiations were short. -In my experience there's no such thing as luck. -Why do I feel you're going to be the death of me? -No nothing too fancy. -Always on the move. -Wait a minute how did this happen? we're smarter than this. -I hate it when he does that. -Only a Sith deals in absolutes. -I will do what I must. -What took you so long? -Oh not good. -You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. -Who's more foolish the fool or the fool who follows him? -If you strike me down I will become more powerful than you could possibly imagine. -The force will be with you always. -So what I told you was true from a certain point of view. -Another happy landing! -Oh how the mighty Sith have fallen. -Oh this is going to be easy. -Oh I have a bad feeling about this. -Don't try it. -My allegiance is to the republic, to democracy! -Not to worry were still flying half a ship.-This is were the fun begins! -You will try! -That went better than I expected. - I am a slow learner. -My powers have doubled since the last time we met. - Obiwan's gonna kill me... -If you'll excuse me... -Spinning, it's a good trick (does cool lightsaber spin) -You underestimate my power! -Now this is pod racing -Well that answered that question. -I don't like sand it's course, rough, irritating and it gets everywhere! -Now wheres the fun in that? -Sorry M'lady. -Your presence is soothing. -It's not fair -I have brought peace, freedom, justice and security to the Republic -Don't make me destroy you. -What did you say? -You call this a diplomatic solution? -The Jedi use their power for good -Jedi business. Go back to your drinks.-I've been looking forward to this. -You disappoint me, Surely you can do better! -Anger leads to hate and hate leads to Power! -How pleasant of you to join us. -I am more powerful than any Jedi. -You have interfered with our affairs for the last time. -Good twice the pride double the fall. -I am a man of my word. -Oh no, my friend. This is a mistake, a terrible mistake. They have gone too far, this is madness! -I would have thought you had learned your lesson by now. -Brave but foolish, your impossibly outnumbered. -You have thought gallantly. worthy of recognition in the archives of the Jedi order. -As you see my Jedi powers are far beyond yours, now back down! -Thank you your excellency. -What if I told you that the republic was now under the control of The Dark Lord of The Sith? -I will partition immediately to have you set free(when someone is caught in a electric stun lock) -Your weapons please, we wouldn't want to make a mess of things.-Kill him, Kill Him Now. -DEW IT! -I AM THE SENATE -It's treason then -A surprise to be sure but a welcome one. -I've been waiting a long time for this moment. Wipe them out, All of them. -Good, GOOOOD! -Evil Laugh -The dark side of the force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be Unnatural. -Your work here is finished my friend. -Are you threatening me master Jedi? -I was right, the Jedi are taking over! -no No NO, YOU WILL DIE! -Sarcastically I'm too weak Oh don't kill me please! -Powweear UNLIMITED POWER! -Once more the Sith shall rule the galaxy! -Soon I will have a new apprentice, one far younger and more powerful. -Only through me can you achieve a power greater than any Jedi. -In time you will call me master. -I can feel your anger it gives you focus, makes you stronger! -The force is strong with you! A powerful Sith you will become! -Strike me down and your journey to the dark side will be complete. -I will show them the true nature of the force. -I wonder if your feelings on this matter are clear. -I am quite safe from your pitiful little band. -Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen. -Now. you. will. die. -So be it Jedi. -I will make it legal. -You want this don't you? -I must say your here sooner than expected. -All who gain power are afraid to lose it, Even the Jedi. -Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise?... -Darth Plagueis was a dark lord of the Sith so powerful... -He became so powerful the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power-If one is to understand the great mystery, One must study all it's aspects not just the narrow dogmatic narrow view of the Jedi.-You are a bold one! -I will deal with this Jedi slime myself. -Army or not you must realize you are doomed. -You Fool, I've been trained in your Jedi arts by Count Dooku. -All too easy! -Your light sabers will make a fine edition to my collection. -I am the leader of the most powerful droid army the galaxy has ever seen. -We've been waiting for you. -Crush them, make them suffer! -Hello There! -Jedi Scum -You Lose! Hahaha Time to abandon ship! -Whats the situation captain? -HAHa extra loud coughing